: Crawford here at Capitol Volkswagen in
beautiful San Jose California and today
we're going to take a peek at one of the
more popular cars in the Volkswagen
lineup the Volkswagen Tiguan today we've
got the our line model which is the top
of the trim and we're going to show you
what sets it apart from the crowd the
Tiguan has been one of the fan favorites
with the Volkswagen lineup and new for
this year it joins the other ranks of
the Volkswagen cars and getting an our
line package of it's very own
now the Tiguan has always been known as
kind of a sports car of crossover SUVs
it offers a turbocharged two meter motor
the same one you're gonna find in the
GTI and on the online model they're
going to give you a couple other
aesthetic packages we're gonna go over
today so the Tiguan our line is
distinguished from the other Tiguan
models by a couple key aesthetic
features and one of the most obvious
ones is going to be the little R that
you can see off to the right of the
Volkswagen emblem on the front grille
that's obviously going to let you know
it's an R line model but you can also
look at the LED headlights here
those are your daytime running lights
which are going to be always on when
you're driving and then they are mated
with the HID bulbs which have an auto
cornering feature so as you drive if you
turn the steering wheel they'll actually
swivel up to 15 degrees to help
illuminate around the corner they're
especially helpful if you're driving a
night on the come out in the road so on
the roof of the Tiguan they have a
couple really usable features the roof
rails here have a brushed aluminum which
give it a nice polished look and then my
personal favorite feature is the
panoramic sunroof which gives from the
inside the front of the rear passenger
is a really nice open interview it also
provides the car with a sleek look on
the outside now as we move along to the
side let's show you some of the other
features that our line comes with now
the our line is dressed in these
beautiful 19 inch alloy wheels and
they're unique among the Tiguan line
you're actually not gonna find very many
SUVs in general that offers tires like
this they come dressed in Pirelli
rubbers which are going to give you a
nice sporty feel on the road so for your
practical types of course all the
crossover SUVs are really usable
and the Tiguan is no exception it's got
a ton of usable space back here and the
seats will fold down to accommodate even
larger items should you need to you're
also gonna find a full-size spare tire
stashed away underneath the floorboards
there and that's another thing that
Volkswagen really does is make sure that
you have all the safety equipment you
need to get through the day so one of
the features we get a lot of really
positive feedback on as being one of the
most usable features is the proximity
key now most of old swaggin keys have of
course the keyless entry where you can
lock and unlock the car but with the
Tico on our line it actually doesn't
have to be pressed at all to enter into
the vehicle a simple grab of the door
handle can open the car and then when
you're locking the vehicle you can also
do the same as long as the keys on your
person you can easily access it inside
or out so the interior of the Tiguan
comes dressed in this nice black leather
and on the Arline model that's gonna be
a standard feature you're also going to
get such nice things as the airline
steering wheel which is barred from the
GTI it has a flat bottom here and then a
organ aa McGriddle on the upper and
lower parts of it that parent nicely
with the paddle shifters which will give
you the control of a stick ship there
even though it's an automatic
transmission push-button start is also
gonna come standard with the proximity
key feature and among other things the
proximity climate control gives you his
and hers temperature on both sides of
the car now the navigation map is
available with either a 2d or a 3d
display and that's something that can
cater to the individual drivers
preference you can also display the map
on the driver interface in between the
tachometer and the speedometer should
you desire to the rest of the features
are available up here you've got the
auto dimming rearview mirror which I
like to call a jerk proof mirror it
prevents anyone from flashing their
brights at you and hurting your night
vision or you know there's a taller
truck behind you as well
and then for the grand finale we've got
this beautiful panoramic sunroof which
has a retractable sunshade that will
help keep the interior of the car from
baking on a hot day you can also have
the front portion of the sunroof either
vent or open completely in the last
feature we talked about today is the
Volkswagen carnet which is a telematics
system that's incorporated into the car
it does come with a free trial and it
gives you a mobile application so there
is an emergency button here which is
labeled in red and has SOS on it which
can be used to contact the live operator
in case of an emergency
thank you guys again we really
appreciate you taking time out of your
busy day to view our Tiguan video if you
like what you saw please don't hesitate
to subscribe to our youtube channel also
if you have any specific questions we
love them go ahead and send them our way
either by email or call the contact
information should be at the bottom of
the screen thank you for viewing
you